IBM Maximo Application Suite Software Support Lifecycle Policy for Versions 9.0+
 IBM Support
 No results were found for your search query.
 Tips
 To return expected results, you can:
 Reduce the number of search terms. Each term you use focuses the search further.
 Check your spelling. A single misspelled or incorrectly typed term can change your result.
 Try substituting synonyms for your original terms. For example, instead of searching for "java classes", try "java training"
 Did you search for an IBM acquired or sold product ? If so, follow the appropriate link below to find the content you need.
 Our apologies
 Search results are not available at this time. Please try again later or use one of the other support options on this page.
 IBM Maximo Application Suite Software Support Lifecycle Policy for Versions 9.0+
 General Page
 This document, all information contained herein, and IBM’s products and services are subject to change at any time with or without notice in IBM’s sole and absolute discretion.
IBM Maximo Application Suite follows the IBM Standard Lifecycle Policy - Support Cycle-3.
Overview
Lifecycle policy Support Cycle-3 provides defect and non-defect product technical support for a period of at least three years from the date the product release was made generally available by IBM. Once a release announces a lifecycle transition, an option may exist to purchase Extended Support and receive limited coverage for up to an additional 4 years. When an eligible product announces a lifecycle transition for the last version/release an option to purchase Sustained Support may exist to provide limited coverage for up to an additional 5 years.
Clients need to stay current with the installation of updates to obtain the latest product maintenance, security updates, and new features.
For more information on IBM Support, see the IBM Support Guide.
Versioning
The numbering scheme for versions of IBM Maximo Application Suite is based on the principles of  Semantic Versioning (semver). However, the lifecycle follows the IBM standards for VRMF versioning where updates to the MINOR number will result in the resetting of the product lifecycle.
The version numbering takes the form major.minor.patch with:
•   MAJOR: Number changes may indicate incompatible changes between releases
•   MINOR: Number changes indicate a release with new functionality compatible with an earlier version
•   PATCH: Number changes for bug fixes and security updates compatible with an earlier version
Support Schedule for IBM Maximo Application Suite
IBM Maximo Application Suite does not commit to a specific release schedule. Software lifecycle transition announcements for a version will be announced at least six months before it becomes effective. For more information about the lifecycle transition dates for IBM Maximo Application Suite releases, see the Supported Versions for Maximo Application Suite.
Bundled Open Source Software
IBM Maximo Application Suite includes or bundles components derived from open source software and software from other IBM teams and Red Hat Inc. Support for such components is available through your usual IBM Support channels, with defined response goals. If a defect is determined to be in any IBM or Red Hat product, your IBM Support representative works with the owning teams to resolve the defect and deliver a fix.  For open source software/third party support information, see the IBM Open Source and Third party software policy. 
Bundled IBM and Red Hat software
Individual versions or releases of the bundled products continue to follow their own individual upstream support lifecycles. Some bundled products, such as IBM Cloud Pak for Data and IBM Watson Discovery, follow different support lifecycles than IBM Maximo Application Suite. IBM ensures that a suitable upgrade path is available for customers of IBM Maximo Application Suite such that bundled products can continue to comply with their respective support lifecycles.
For more information about the IBM Cloud Pak for Data components that are available to the licensee of IBM Maximo Application Suite for restricted use, see the License Information documents for Maximo Application Suite.
Feature Channel Subscription
IBM provides non-production components exclusively through a continuous delivery (CD) stream know as Feature Channel. Delivered as part of our regular Operator Catalog updates, this channel introduces new features, developed for the next release, allowing early access for non-production environments. This is offered alongside and in parallel with our normal maintained releases.
For more information, see the Maximo Application Suite Feature Channel technote.
 [{"Business Unit":{"code":"BU048","label":"IBM Software"},"Product":{"code":"SSRHPA","label":"IBM Maximo Application Suite"},"ARM Category":[{"code":"a8m0z000000cwZDAAY","label":"Maximo Application Suite"}],"ARM Case Number":"","Platform":[{"code":"PF025","label":"Platform Independent"}],"Version":"All Version(s)","Line of Business":{"code":"LOB77","label":"Automation Platform"}}]
 Was this topic helpful?
 Not usefulUseful
 Document Information
 Modified date:
 20 May 2025
 UID
 ibm17158592
 Page Feedback
 Share your feedback
 Need support?
 Submit feedback to IBM Support
 1-800-IBM-7378 (USA)
 Directory of worldwide contacts